All right, so let's work on the future with sort of look something like that.
So for that, we can put the future in a separate component.
Right.
So let's create.
Components, spaces.
Let me quit for a year or two years.
And then here.
Launched for Truth in two.
Let's return to the.
We can just use parentheses here.
Yeah.
Now let's return in, Dave and let me just write food for now will come back to exclude default, destroy
that you put it here and then we'll continue working on that one soon.
That's important.
Footage from.
We get inside components.
Bases for.
So it's kind of a dome and footer we can put at the very end.
So let's just put fruit right here.
Oh, look, we got the footer.
Okay, so let's continue working on that.
It's good footer in here.
Since we want to show the the full width image, we can use the parallax image that we already created.
Import.
Parallax images from right here from the same directory.
Let's import.
Rows and columns row called on from and we want some icons as well so let's involves some icons from.
At Indiana Jones and I have already chosen the icons.
So these icons are these are the ones the users group of this one a bit happier something this icon
is common in the copyright.
So here user group and outlined.
Make sure you don't have any typos.
You can see it's all lowercase.
All of the documentation for all you can just get this search code if you find it, something's missing.
So user group out and outlined.
API outlined.
And the next one is copyright outlined copyrights.
Without s, I think copyright.
All right.
So good that I can tell you.
Now, let's work on showing that.
So we got this div.
If you want to do some extra customization, you can import the team context.
And based on the theme, you may want to, you know, control things, the colors and things like that.
If you you can always do that.
If you want to spend some more time on study.
So here, pilot's images here by default, the images that one is use, which is images to show.
Let's try this time let's try pass the are.
And we can pass that as images less what we call the colored images, too.
Let's pass another one.
It means three.
Don't depend.
And then here basically we can send the content which will be rendered and children props to roll into
drew column, inside column.
We want three columns, right.
So you can see this is what are trying to achieve three columns, agent and some text so we can put
them here.
The column, first column.
We can give this style.
This time for this one.
First of all, I think we should give the span to aid through the 24.
So we use column eight for all of them.
Spend it style we want to center.
Text Alliance Center.
CALLER.
The text call we can use.
Oh, we may actually need to use this one, so let's leave it for now.
Okay.
So yeah, let's use that.
I'm going to use a group outlined here.
We can use that slightly.
Make it bigger by giving the style font size.
Let's choose 80.
I get quite big and then it's create a line break.
And then after the line break we write some content.
So let's say the ultimate.
Blogging that.
Okay.
So this column we want to copy, it's copy paste twice.
And for the second one, we use another icon that is called API outlined.
Let's write something here.
Let's call it build using
demand stack.
Let's see.
MongoDB Express.
React note and the last one.
This one we use copy.
Right.
Outlined and we're right here.
Copyrights copyright.
You can use the date.
You can.
Hard code.
This is 2022.
You can hard or let's do the better.
We could date and get full year.
That will always give you the current to you.
And then you can use the copyright symbol using and copy code.
And then we can write all rights reserved.
Perfect.
And with all that, it's a bit of a break.
And let's give it a try.
It looks beautiful.
Really nice.
You can see.
Awesome.